README reworked (#16460)
phpmyadmin/phpmyadmin: README.rst

Download
--------

> https://www.phpmyadmin.net/ always has the newest release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can get the newest release at https://www.phpmyadmin.net/.
```

Author: Harder to copy the link.

If you prefer to follow the Git repository, the following branch and tag names may be of interest:

* ``STABLE`` is the current stable release.
* ``master`` is the development branch.
* Releases are tagged, for example version 5.0.1 was tagged as ``RELEASE_5_0_1``.

Note that phpMyAdmin uses `Composer <https://getcomposer.org/>`_ to manage library dependencies, when using Git
development versions, you must manually run Composer.
Please see `the documentation <https://docs.phpmyadmin.net/en/latest/setup.html#installing-from-git>`_ for details.

> More Info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More Information
```

Author: This is just longer for no good reason.

You can get the newest release at https://www.phpmyadmin.net/.

If you prefer to follow the Git repository, the following branch and tag names may be of interest:

* ``STABLE`` is the current stable release.
* ``master`` is the development branch.
* Releases are tagged, for example version 5.0.1 was tagged as ``RELEASE_5_0_1``.

Note that phpMyAdmin uses `Composer <https://getcomposer.org/>`_ to manage library dependencies, when using Git
development versions, you must manually run Composer.
Please see `the documentation <https://docs.phpmyadmin.net/en/latest/setup.html#installing-from-git>`_ for details.

More Information
----------------

Please see https://docs.phpmyadmin.net/, or browse the documentation in the doc folder.

> For `support <https://www.phpmyadmin.net/support/>`_ or information on contributing code or `translating phpMyAdmin to your language <https://hosted.weblate.org/projects/phpmyadmin/>`_,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For `support <https://www.phpmyadmin.net/support/>`_ or information concerning code contribution or `translating phpMyAdmin to your language <https://hosted.weblate.org/projects/phpmyadmin/>`_,
```

Author: The two latter ones are more of the same type of thing, whereas the change makes it more three distinct things (?)

You can get the newest release at https://www.phpmyadmin.net/.

If you prefer to follow the Git repository, the following branch and tag names may be of interest:

* ``STABLE`` is the current stable release.
* ``master`` is the development branch.
* Releases are tagged, for example version 5.0.1 was tagged as ``RELEASE_5_0_1``.

Note that phpMyAdmin uses `Composer <https://getcomposer.org/>`_ to manage library dependencies, when using Git
development versions, you must manually run Composer.
Please see `the documentation <https://docs.phpmyadmin.net/en/latest/setup.html#installing-from-git>`_ for details.

More Information
----------------

Please see https://docs.phpmyadmin.net/, or browse the documentation in the doc folder.

For `support <https://www.phpmyadmin.net/support/>`_ or `security issues <https://www.phpmyadmin.net/security/>`_ you can visit https://www.phpmyadmin.net/

Translations are welcome, you can `translate phpMyAdmin to your language <https://hosted.weblate.org/projects/phpmyadmin/>`_.

> If you are into code you can read the `code contribution file <CONTRIBUTING.md>`_ or browse our website `contributing page <https://www.phpmyadmin.net/contribute/>`_.

Reviewer 2: If you would like to contribute to the phpMyAdmin's codebase, you can read the `code contribution file <CONTRIBUTING.md>`_ or browse our website's contributing page <https://www.phpmyadmin.net/contribute/>`_.

Looks better.

Reviewer 3: Awesome !
